## Problem Of The Day Solutions

This is my attempt to make the coding experience easier for you guys so that you can easily learn what to do in today's problem of the day.

## Today's 05-02-24 [Problem Link](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/sorted-insert-for-circular-linked-list/1)
## Sorted insert for circular linked list


**Intuition:**
The goal is to insert a new node into a sorted circular linked list while maintaining the sorted order. The circular nature of the linked list means that the last node points back to the first node.

**Approach:**
1. If the linked list is empty (`head == NULL`), create a new node with the given data and set it as the head. Connect the last node to the new node, making it circular.
2. If the data is smaller than the data in the head node, insert the new node at the beginning. Update the last node to point to the new head.
3. Otherwise, traverse the linked list until finding the correct position to insert the new node. Update the pointers accordingly.

**Time Complexity:**
- In the worst case, the code may need to traverse the entire circular linked list.
- Therefore, the time complexity is O(n), where n is the length of the linked list.

**Space Complexity:**
- The space complexity is O(1) as the algorithm uses a constant amount of extra space regardless of the input size. Only a few pointers and a new node are used.


## Code 

class Solution
{
    public:
    Node *sortedInsert(Node* head, int data)
    {
      Node* temp=head;
      Node* n=new Node(data);
      if(head==NULL){
          head=n;
          n->next=head;
      }
      else if(temp->data>(data)){
          while(temp->next!=head)
          {
              temp=temp->next;
          }
          n->next=head;
          temp->next=n;
          head=n;
      }
      else{
      while(temp->next->data<data && temp->next!=head){
          temp=temp->next;
      }
      n->next=temp->next;
      temp->next=n;
      }
      return head;
    }
};

```


