## Problem Of The Day Solutions

This is my attempt to make the coding experience easier for you guys so that you can easily learn what to do in today's problem of the day.

## Today's 16-02-24 
## [Flatten BST to sorted list](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/flatten-bst-to-sorted-list--111950/1)

**Intuition:**

The given code aims to flatten a Binary Search Tree (BST) into a sorted list, where the left child of each element points to `NULL`, and the right child points to the next element in the sorted list. The approach is to perform a modified in-order traversal to handle the linking of nodes to achieve the desired flattened structure.

**Approach:**

1. The `solve` function is a recursive helper function that takes a node as input and returns a pair of nodes representing the first and last nodes in the sorted list after flattening.
2. It recursively processes the left and right subtrees and gets pairs (`leftPair` and `rightPair`) representing the first and last nodes in the sorted lists of the left and right subtrees.
3. If the left subtree is not empty, it links the last node of the left subtree to the current node, and the left child of the current node is set to `NULL`.
4. If the right subtree is not empty, it links the current node to the first node of the right subtree.
5. The function returns a pair representing the first and last nodes in the sorted list after flattening the subtree.
6. The `flattenBST` function calls the `solve` function and returns the root of the flattened tree.

**Time Complexity:**

- The time complexity is O(N), where N is the number of nodes in the BST. This is because every node is visited once during the traversal.

**Space Complexity:**

- The space complexity is O(N), where N is the number of nodes in the BST. This is due to the recursive call stack, and each recursive call contributes to the space complexity. The use of pairs to store the first and last nodes in the sorted lists also contributes to the space complexity.

Therefore, the overall time complexity is O(N), and the space complexity is O(N).



## Code 

```
class Solution
{
public:
    pair<Node*, Node*> solve(Node* node) {
        if (!node) return {NULL, NULL};

        pair<Node*, Node*> leftPair = {NULL, NULL};
        pair<Node*, Node*> rightPair = {NULL, NULL};
        
        Node* first_node = NULL;
        Node* last_node = NULL;

        if (node->left) {
            leftPair = solve(node->left);
            leftPair.second->right = node;
            node->left = NULL;
            first_node = leftPair.first;
        } else {
            first_node = node;
        }

        if (node->right) {
            rightPair = solve(node->right);
            node->right = rightPair.first;
            last_node = rightPair.second;
        } else {
            last_node = node;
        }

        return {first_node, last_node};
    }

    Node *flattenBST(Node *root)
    {
        return (solve(root).first);
    }
};
    
```
