#  Problem Of The Day Solutions GeeksForGeeks

## Today's 1-02-24 
## [Panagram Checking](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/pangram-checking-1587115620/1)

**Intuition:**

The given problem asks for checking whether a given string is a pangram or not. A pangram is a sentence containing every letter in the English alphabet at least once. To solve this problem, we need to iterate through the characters of the string, identify the alphabetic characters, convert them to lowercase for case insensitivity, and check if all 26 letters are present using a set to store unique characters.

**Approach:**

1. Initialize an unordered set `uniqueChars` to store unique characters encountered in the string.
2. Iterate through each character in the string.
3. Check if the character is an alphabet using the `isalpha` function.
4. If it is an alphabet, convert it to lowercase using the `tolower` function and insert it into the set.
5. After processing all characters, check if the size of the set is equal to 26.
6. If the size is 26, return true, indicating that all alphabets are present. Otherwise, return false.

**Time Complexity:**

The time complexity is O(|s|), where |s| is the length of the input string. The algorithm iterates through each character in the string once.

**Space Complexity:**

The space complexity is O(1) as the maximum size of the set (`uniqueChars`) is constant (26 letters in the English alphabet). The space required for the set does not depend on the size of the input string.

In summary, the code has a linear time complexity and constant space complexity, making it an efficient solution for checking pangrams.



## Code 
```
class Solution
{
  public:
    //Function to check if a string is Pangram or not.
    bool checkPangram (string s) {
        // your code here
        unordered_set<char> uniqueChars;
        for(char ch:s){
            if (isalpha(ch)) {
                uniqueChars.insert(tolower(ch));
            }
        }
        return uniqueChars.size() == 26;
    }

};
                
```

