#  Problem Of The Day Solutions GeeksForGeeks

## Today's 2-02-24 
## [Implement Atoi](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/implement-atoi/1)

**Intuition:**

The given code attempts to implement the atoi function, converting a string to an integer without using any built-in functions except `tolower` for handling case-insensitivity. It checks for the presence of a negative sign and non-numeric characters in the string. If the conversion is feasible, it returns the converted integer; otherwise, it returns -1.

**Approach:**

1. The first loop checks for a negative sign ('-') at any position other than the first. If found, it returns -1.
2. The second loop converts each character to lowercase and checks if it falls within the range of lowercase letters ('a' to 'z'). If any non-numeric character is found, it returns -1.
3. If the string passes both checks, it attempts to convert it to an integer using `stoi` and returns the result.

**Time Complexity:**

- The time complexity is O(|s|), where |s| is the length of the input string. Both loops iterate through the string once, and `stoi` has a linear time complexity in this context.

**Space Complexity:**

- The space complexity is O(1), as the code uses a constant amount of space regardless of the input size. It doesn't use additional data structures that depend on the input size.

**Note:**
- The `tolower` function and `stoi` function used in the code are standard C++ functions that have constant time complexities in practice.
- The code makes some assumptions about the format of the valid input string, such as no leading spaces and a valid integer representation.



## Code 
```
class Solution{
  public:
    /*You are required to complete this method */
    int atoi(string s) {
        //Your code here
      for(int i = 1; i < s.length(); i++){

            if(s[i] == '-'){

                return -1;

            }

        }

        for(int i = 0; i < s.length(); i++){

            char low = tolower(s[i]);

            if(low >= 'a' && low <= 'z'){

                return -1;

            }

        }

        return stoi(s);

    }
};
                
```

