## Problem Of The Day Solutions

This is my attempt to make the coding experience easier for you guys so that you can easily learn what to do in today's problem of the day.

## Today's 15-02-24 
## [Count all Possible Path](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/castle-run3644/1)

**Intuition:**

The given code aims to determine whether it is possible to traverse an undirected connected graph starting from a node, `x`, and return to it after traversing all the vertices at least once, using each edge exactly once. The approach checks whether the degree (number of edges connected to) each vertex is even or not. If there is any vertex with an odd degree, it means the graph cannot be traversed as required.

**Approach:**

1. The function `isPossible` takes an adjacency matrix `paths` as input.
2. It iterates through each row of the matrix, representing each vertex.
3. For each vertex, it calculates the degree by counting the number of edges (where `paths[i][j] == 1`).
4. If the degree of any vertex is odd, the function returns 0, indicating that it is not possible to traverse the graph as required.
5. If all degrees are even, the function returns 1, indicating that it is possible to traverse the graph.

**Time Complexity:**

The time complexity is O(n^2), where n is the number of vertices. The function iterates through each vertex and counts the edges connected to it.

**Space Complexity:**

The space complexity is O(1), as the algorithm uses a constant amount of space regardless of the size of the input graph. It does not use any additional data structures that scale with the input size.

Overall, the code efficiently checks the degrees of vertices to determine the feasibility of traversing the given graph.


## Code 

```
class Solution {
public:
	int isPossible(vector<vector<int>>paths) {
	    for(int i=0;i<paths.size();i++) {
	        int c = 0;
	        for(int j=0;j<paths.size();j++){
	            if(paths[i][j]==1) c++;
	        }
	        if(c%2) return 0;
	    }
	    return 1;
	}
};
    
```
