## Problem Of The Day Solutions

This is my attempt to make the coding experience easier for you guys so that you can easily learn what to do in today's problem of the day.

## Today's 02-03-24 [Problem Link](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/first-element-to-occur-k-times5150/1)
## First element to occur k times

**Intuition:**
The intuition behind the code is to use a hash map to keep track of the occurrences of each element while iterating through the array. As soon as an element is encountered that has occurred at least k times, the function returns that element. This is based on the observation that the first element to occur at least k times will be found during the iteration.

**Approach:**
1. Create an unordered map (`mp`) to store the count of occurrences of each element in the array.
2. Iterate through the array, updating the count in the map for each element.
3. Check if the count of the current element in the map is equal to k.
4. If true, return the current element as it is the first element that occurs at least k times.
5. If no such element is found during the iteration, return -1.

**Time Complexity:**
- The time complexity is O(n) because the algorithm iterates through the array once.

**Space Complexity:**
- The space complexity is also O(n) as the unordered map stores the count of occurrences for each distinct element in the array. The space required is proportional to the number of unique elements in the array.

**Note:**
- The approach assumes that the array contains elements within a reasonable range (0 to 200), making the hash map storage feasible in terms of space complexity.


## Complexity
- Time complexity : $O(n)$
<!-- Add your time complexity here, e.g. $$O())$$ -->

- Space complexity : $O(n)$
<!-- Add your space complexity here, e.g. $$O(n)$$ -->

## Code

```
class Solution{
    public:
    int firstElementKTime(int n, int k, int a[])
    {
        unordered_map<int,int>mp;
        for(int i=0;i<n;i++)
        {
            mp[a[i]]++;
            if(mp[a[i]]==k)
            return a[i];
        }
        return -1;
    }
};

```
