## GeeksForGeeks Problem Of The Day Solutions

This is my attempt to make the coding experience easier for you guys so that you can easily learn what to do in today's problem of the day.

## Today's 15-03-24 

## [Linked List that is Sorted Alternatingly](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/linked-list-that-is-sorted-alternatingly/1)

### Intuition:
The given linked list is in alternating ascending and descending order. To sort this linked list in non-decreasing order, the approach needs to break the linked list into two halves, one containing the ascending elements and the other containing the descending elements. Then, merge these two halves in a sorted manner.

### Approach:
1. Define a function `revv()` to reverse a linked list.
2. Create a dummy node and set its next pointer to the head of the original linked list.
3. Traverse the original linked list to find the midpoint and split the list into two halves: one containing ascending elements and the other containing descending elements.
4. Reverse the descending half using the `revv()` function.
5. Merge the two sorted halves into one sorted linked list.
6. Update the head pointer of the original linked list to point to the merged sorted list.

### Time Complexity:
The time complexity of the given approach is O(n), where n is the number of nodes in the linked list. This is because the algorithm traverses the linked list only once to split and merge it.

### Space Complexity:
The space complexity of the given approach is O(1), as it uses a constant amount of extra space irrespective of the size of the input linked list. The space complexity does not depend on the size of the input linked list, only on the fixed amount of space required for temporary variables and pointers.


## Code

class Solution
{
    public:
    Node * revv(Node *curr){
        Node *prev=NULL;
        Node *next;
        while(curr){
            next=curr->next;
            curr->next=prev;
            prev=curr;
            curr=next;
        }
        return prev;
    }
    // your task is to complete this function
    void sort(Node **head)
    {
         // Code here
         Node *dummy=new Node(-1);
         Node *temp=*head;
         dummy->next=temp;
         Node *l2=temp->next;
         Node *dummy2=new Node(-1);
         dummy2->next=l2;
         while(temp&&temp->next){
             temp->next=temp->next->next;
             temp=temp->next;
             if(l2->next)
             l2->next=temp->next;
             l2=l2->next;
         }
         l2=revv(dummy2->next);
         temp=dummy->next;
         Node *p1=temp,*p2=l2;
         Node *dummy3=new Node(-1);
         Node *t=dummy3;
         while(p1&&p2){
             if(p1->data<=p2->data){
                 t->next=p1;
                 t=t->next;
                 p1=p1->next;
             }
             else{
                 t->next=p2;
                 t=t->next;
                 p2=p2->next;
             }
         }
         if(p1){
             t->next=p1;
         }
         if(p2){
             t->next=p2;
         }
         *head=dummy3->next;
    }
};
