#  Problem Of The Day Solutions GeeksForGeeks

## Today's 15-01-24 
## [Grinding Geek](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/grinding-geek/1)


**Intuition:**

The problem involves choosing a set of courses such that Geek maximizes the number of courses completed while adhering to the special offer condition. The special offer allows Geek to receive a refund of 90% of the course cost if the course is completed within the next 90 days.

**Approach:**

To solve this problem, the algorithm uses dynamic programming with a 2D array (`dp`) to keep track of the maximum number of courses that can be completed for each day and total amount combination.

1. Create a 2D array `dp` of size `(n+1) x (total+1)` initialized to 0.
2. Iterate over the courses from the last course (`ind = n-1`) to the first course (`ind = 0`).
   - For each course, iterate over the total amount (`tot`) from 0 to `total`.
   - Calculate the maximum number of courses that can be completed (`dp[ind][tot]`) based on whether the current course is picked or not.
     - `notpick` represents the maximum number of courses without picking the current course.
     - `pick` represents the maximum number of courses with the current course picked, considering the special offer.
   - Update `dp[ind][tot]` with the maximum value between `pick` and `notpick`.
3. The result is stored in `dp[0][total]`, representing the maximum number of courses that can be completed with the initial total amount.

**Time Complexity:**
- The algorithm uses nested loops, iterating over each course and total amount, resulting in a time complexity of O(n * total).

**Space Complexity:**
- The 2D array `dp` has dimensions `(n+1) x (total+1)`, leading to a space complexity of O(n * total).



# Code
```
class Solution{
    public:
    int max_courses(int n, int total, vector<int> &cost)
    {
        //Code Here
        vector<vector<int>>dp(n+1,vector<int>(total+1,0));
        for(int ind=n-1;ind>=0;ind--) {
            for(int tot=0;tot<=total;tot++) {
                int notpick=dp[ind+1][tot];
                int pick=0;
                if(tot>=cost[ind]){
                    pick=1+dp[ind+1][tot-cost[ind]+floor(0.9*cost[ind])];
                }
                dp[ind][tot]=max(pick,notpick);
            }
        }
        return dp[0][total];
    }
};

```
