#  Problem Of The Day Solutions GeeksForGeeks

## Today's 22-01-24 
## [Paths from root with a specified sum](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/paths-from-root-with-a-specified-sum/1)

## Intuition

The problem requires finding all paths in a binary tree where the sum of node values along the path is equal to a given target sum. We can perform a depth-first traversal of the tree and keep track of the current path and its running sum. Whenever the running sum equals the target sum, we add the current path to the result.

## Approach

1. Initialize an empty vector `ans` to store the paths and a vector `path` to represent the current path being traversed.

2. Start a recursive traversal of the binary tree using a helper function.
    - At each node, update the running sum (`cur`) by adding the value of the current node.
    - Add the current node to the `path`.

3. Check if the current running sum is equal to the target sum.
    - If yes, add the current path to the `ans`.

4. Recursively traverse the left and right subtrees.

5. Backtrack: Remove the current node from the `path` as we backtrack.

6. The final result is the vector `ans` containing all paths whose sum is equal to the target sum.

## Time Complexity
The time complexity is O(N), where N is the number of nodes in the binary tree, as we visit each node exactly once during the traversal.

## Space Complexity
The space complexity is O(H), where H is the height of the binary tree, due to the recursion stack.



## Code
```

 class Solution
{
    public:
    vector<vector<int>> printPaths(Node *root, int sum)
    {
        //code here
        vector<vector<int>> ans;
        vector<int> path;
        int cur = 0;
        helper(root, sum, ans, path, cur);
        return ans;
    }
    
    void helper(Node *root, int sum, vector<vector<int>> &ans, vector<int> &path, int cur){
        if (root == NULL) return;
        cur += root -> key;
        path.push_back(root -> key);
        if(cur == sum) ans. push_back(path);
        
        helper(root -> left, sum , ans, path, cur);
        helper(root -> right, sum , ans, path, cur);
        
        
        path.pop_back();
    }
};       

```

