#  Problem Of The Day Solutions GeeksForGeeks

## Today's 18-01-24 
## [Water the plants](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/water-the-plants--170646/1)

## Intuition
To water the entire gallery efficiently, we can simulate the process of attaching sprinklers. We can iterate through each division of the gallery and determine the effective range of each sprinkler. We can then store this information in an array, `range`, where `range[i]` represents the rightmost point that can be watered by the sprinkler at position `i`. After computing the effective range for each sprinkler, we can iterate through the gallery again and determine the minimum number of sprinklers needed to cover the entire gallery.

## Approach
1. Initialize an array `range` with all elements set to -1.
2. Iterate through each division of the gallery and compute the effective range of each sprinkler. Update the `range` array accordingly.
3. Initialize variables `count` and `last` to 0 and -1, respectively.
4. Iterate through the `range` array:
   - If `range[i]` is -1, return -1, as there is no sprinkler covering position `i`.
   - If `i` is greater than `last`, increment `count` and update `last` with `range[i]`.
5. Return the final value of `count`, representing the minimum number of sprinklers needed.

## Complexity Analysis
The time complexity of this approach is O(n log n) due to the iteration through the gallery, and the space complexity is O(n) for the `range` array.

# Code
```
class Solution{
    public:
    int min_sprinklers(int gallery[], int n)
    {
      vector<int> range(n, -1);

        for(int i = 0; i < n ; ++i){
            int l = max(0, i - gallery[i]);
            int r = min(n - 1, i + gallery[i]);
            for(int j = l; j <= r; ++j){
                range[j] = max(range[j], r);
            }
        }
        
        int count = 0, last = -1;

        for (int i = 0; i < n; ++i) {
            if (range[i] == -1) {
                return -1;
            }

            if (i > last) {
                ++count;
                last = range[i];
            }
        }
        return count;
  // code here
    }
};
```
