#  Problem Of The Day Solutions GeeksForGeeks

## Today's 16-01-24 
## [Sequence of Sequence](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/sequence-of-sequence1155/1)


**Intuition:**

The problem asks for finding the total number of special sequences of length `n` such that each element is greater than or equal to twice the previous element, the elements are positive, and each element is less than or equal to `m`. We need to count the number of such sequences.

**Approach:**

The recursive function `help` is used to explore the possibilities of constructing the special sequence. The function takes four parameters - `i` (the current element in the sequence), `j` (the current position in the sequence), `n` (the required length of the sequence), and `m` (the maximum value allowed).

The base cases of the recursive function are as follows:
1. If `j` reaches `n`, then one valid sequence is found, so return 1.
2. If `i` exceeds `m`, then it's not possible to form a valid sequence, so return 0.

The recursive calls are made in two scenarios:
1. `pick`: The current element is doubled (`i*2`), and the position is moved to the next (`j+1`).
2. `not_pick`: The current element is incremented (`i+1`), but the position remains the same (`j`).

The result is the sum of the possibilities from both scenarios (`pick + not_pick`).

Finally, the `numberSequence` function initializes the recursive process with the initial parameters `i=1`, `j=0`, `n`, and `m` and returns the total number of valid sequences.

**Time Complexity:**

The time complexity of the given code is exponential, specifically O(2^(m*n)), where 'm' is the maximum value allowed and 'n' is the length of the sequence. This is because the recursive function explores all possibilities, and for each element in the sequence, it has two choices (doubling or incrementing). As a result, the number of recursive calls grows exponentially with the input values.

**Space Complexity:**

The space complexity of the given code is also exponential, O(m*n). This is due to the recursive nature of the algorithm, and each recursive call creates a new stack frame. As the depth of the recursion can go up to 'm' and the number of possibilities at each level is 'n', the total space complexity is O(m*n). However, this can be improved by using memoization to store and reuse intermediate results, which would reduce the space complexity.



# Code
```
class Solution{
public:
    int help(int i, int j, int n, int m){
        if(j==n)    return 1;
        if(i>m)     return 0;
        
        int pick= help(i*2, j+1, n, m);
        int not_pick=help(i+1, j, n, m);

        return pick+not_pick;
    }
    int numberSequence(int m, int n){
        return help(1,0,n,m);
    }
};

```
