#  Problem Of The Day Solutions GeeksForGeeks

## Today's 14-01-24 
## [Find duplicate rows in a binary matrix](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/find-duplicate-rows-in-a-binary-ma)


### Intuition:

The intuition behind the code is to identify and return the indices of rows in a binary matrix that are duplicates. The code achieves this by converting each row into a vector and using a set (`st`) to keep track of unique rows encountered. If a row is already in the set, it is considered a duplicate, and its index is added to the result vector (`ans`).

### Approach:

1. Initialize an empty set (`st`) to store unique rows and a result vector (`ans`) to store indices of duplicate rows.
2. Iterate through each row of the binary matrix.
3. Convert each row into a vector and check if it is already in the set (`st`).
4. If the row is in the set, it is a duplicate, and its index is added to the result vector (`ans`).
5. Otherwise, insert the row into the set.
6. Return the result vector containing indices of duplicate rows.

### Time Complexity:

The time complexity is O(M * N), where M is the number of rows and N is the number of columns in the binary matrix. The code iterates through each element of the matrix once.

### Space Complexity:

The space complexity is O(M * N) in the worst case, where M is the number of rows and N is the number of columns. This is because the set (`st`) can potentially store all unique rows of the matrix. The space complexity depends on the input size.



# Code
```
class Solution
{   
    public:
    vector<int> repeatedRows(vector<vector<int>> &matrix, int M, int N) 
    { 
        // Your code here
        vector<int> ans;
        set<vector<int>> st;
        for(int i=0; i<M;i++){
            vector<int> temp;
            for(int j=0; j<N; j++){
                temp.push_back(matrix[i][j]);
            }
            if(st.find(temp) != st.end()) {
                ans.push_back(i);
            }
            else st.insert(temp);
        }
        return ans;
    } 
};

```
