#  Problem Of The Day Solutions GeeksForGeeks

## Today's 12-01-24 
## [Reverse First K elements of Queue](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/reverse-first-k-elements-of-queue/1)

**Intuition:**
The problem requires reversing the order of the first `K` elements in a queue while leaving the remaining elements unchanged. To achieve this, the code uses a stack to temporarily store the first `K` elements, and then it pushes them back into the queue in reverse order.

**Approach:**
1. Create a stack (`St`) to store the first `K` elements from the front of the queue.
2. Iterate `K` times, pop elements from the front of the queue and push them onto the stack.
3. Pop elements from the stack and push them back into the queue, effectively reversing the order of the first `K` elements.
4. Iterate `(size - K)` times, pop elements from the front of the queue and push them back into the queue to maintain the relative order of the remaining elements.
5. Return the modified queue.

**Time Complexity:**
The time complexity of the code is O(N), where N is the size of the input queue. The algorithm iterates through the queue twice, once for reversing the first `K` elements and once for maintaining the relative order of the remaining elements.

**Space Complexity:**
The space complexity is O(K) since the additional space used (stack `St`) is proportional to the size of the reversed portion (`K`). The space complexity is considered O(1) when ignoring the input and output space, which are not counted in auxiliary space complexity.


# Code
```
class Solution
{
    public:
    
    // Function to reverse first k elements of a queue.
    queue<int> modifyQueue(queue<int> q, int k) {
        // add code here.
        stack<int> St;
        for (int i = 0; i < k; ++i) {
            int element = q.front();
            q.pop();
            St.push(element);
        }
        while (!St.empty()) {
            int element = St.top();
            St.pop();
            q.push(element);
        }
        for(int i = 0; i < q.size() - k; i++){
            int element = q.front();
            q.pop();
            q.push(element);
        }
        
        return q;
     
    }
};

```
