#  Problem Of The Day Solutions GeeksForGeeks

## Today's 08-01-24 
## [Merge 2 sorted linked list in reverse order](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/merge-2-sorted-linked-list-in-reverse-order/1)

# Intuition
<!-- Describe your first thoughts on how to solve this problem. -->
The goal of this code is to merge two sorted linked lists in non-increasing order. The key insight is to traverse both linked lists simultaneously, comparing the values at each node. The smaller value is added to the merged list, and the respective pointer is moved to the next node. This process continues until one of the linked lists is exhausted. After that, any remaining nodes from the non-empty list are appended to the merged list.

To achieve the non-increasing order, the merged list is initially constructed in non-decreasing order, and then it is reversed after the merging process.
# Approach
<!-- Describe your approach to solving the problem. -->
- Approach:

- Initialize Pointers and Dummy Node:

- - Initialize two pointers i and j to the heads of the given linked lists.
- - Create a dummy node nh (dummy head) to simplify the merging process.
- - Initialize a temporary pointer t to traverse and build the merged list.
- Merge Linked Lists:

- - Traverse both linked lists simultaneously using a while loop.
- - Compare the values at the current nodes pointed by i and j.
- - Add the node with the smaller value to the merged list:
- - - If i->data < j->data, add the node pointed by i to the merged list, and move i to the next node.
- - - If j->data <= i->data, add the node pointed by j to the merged list, and move j to the next node.
- - Repeat this process until one of the linked lists is exhausted.
- Append Remaining Nodes:

- - If either of the linked lists (i or j) has remaining nodes, append them to the merged list.
- Skip Dummy Node and Reverse:

- - Skip the dummy node nh to get the actual head of the merged list.
- - Reverse the merged list in-place:
- - - Use three pointers (prev, curr, and next) to reverse the next pointers of nodes.
- Return Head of Merged List:

- - Return the head of the merged list.


# Complexity
- Time complexity : $$O(N + M)$$
$$n$$ : length of given array
<!-- Add your time complexity here, e.g. $$O(n)$$ -->

- Space complexity : $$O(1)$$
<!-- Add your space complexity here, e.g. $$O(n)$$ -->

# Code
```
class Solution
{
    public:
    
    struct Node * mergeResult(Node *node1,Node *node2)
    {
        Node* i=node1,*j=node2,* nh = new Node,*t=nh;
        while(i && j) (i->data<j->data)?(t->next=i,t=t->next,i=i->next):(t->next=j,t=t->next,j=j->next);
        (i) ? (t->next=i):(t->next=j),i=NULL,j=NULL,nh=nh->next;
        while(nh) j=nh->next,nh->next=i,i=nh,nh=j;
        return i;
    }  
};

```
