#  Problem Of The Day Solutions GeeksForGeeks

## Today's 17-01-24 
## [All Unique Permutations of an array](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/all-unique-permutations-of-an-array/1)

**Intuition:**

The problem requires generating all possible unique permutations of an array in sorted order. The uniqueness criterion is defined such that a sequence A is considered greater than sequence B if there exists an index i for which Aj = Bj for all j < i and Ai > Bi.

**Approach:**

1. Initialize a list to store unique permutations and sort it in ascending order.

2. Implement a recursive function to generate permutations, considering the uniqueness condition. The recursive function takes the current state of the permutation, a boolean array to track used elements, and the current index.

3. In each recursive call, iterate through the array elements, and for each unused element, include it in the current permutation and recursively call the function for the next index.

4. Terminate the recursion when the current permutation is complete (reached the end of the array).

5. Sort the list of permutations to ensure they are in ascending order.

6. Return the sorted list of unique permutations.

**Time Complexity:**

The time complexity is O(n * n!), where 'n' is the size of the array. This is because, for each element, there are n! permutations, and generating each permutation takes O(n) time.

**Space Complexity:**

The space complexity is O(n * n!), as the list of permutations stores all possible unique permutations. In each permutation, there are 'n' elements, and there are n! permutations in total.


**Time Complexity:**

The time complexity of the provided code is O(n * n!), where 'n' is the size of the array. This is because the code generates all possible permutations, and there are n! permutations for an array of size 'n'. Within each recursive call to the `perm` function, a loop iterates through 'n' elements, and the recursion depth is 'n'. Therefore, the overall time complexity is O(n * n!).

**Space Complexity:**

The space complexity is determined by the space used for the set (`st`) to store unique permutations. In the worst case, there can be n! unique permutations, and each permutation has 'n' elements. Therefore, the space complexity is O(n * n!), as the set grows with the number of unique permutations.


# Code
```
class Solution {
  public:
    set<vector<int>>st;
  void perm(vector<int>temp,int l,int h){
      if(l==h){
          st.insert(temp);
      }
      else{
          for(int i=l;i<=h;i++){
              swap(temp[l],temp[i]);
              perm(temp,l+1,h);
              swap(temp[l],temp[i]);
          }
      }
  }
    vector<vector<int>> uniquePerms(vector<int> &arr ,int n) {
        // code here
    perm(arr,0,n-1);
        vector<vector<int>>ans;
       ans.insert(ans.begin(),st.begin(),st.end());
       return ans;
    }
};

```
