#  Problem Of The Day Solutions GeeksForGeeks

## Today's 20-01-24 
## [Distribute candies in a binary tree](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/distribute-candies-in-a-binary-tree/1)

**Intuition:**
The problem states that in one move, one can choose two adjacent nodes and move only one candy from one node to another. The goal is to find the minimum number of moves required to distribute candies such that every node has exactly one candy.

**Approach:**
The approach is based on a recursive function `help`. The function takes a node as input and recursively processes its left and right children. For each node, the function calculates the excess candies it has (the difference between its current candies and the required one) and adds the absolute value of excess candies to the `ans` variable. The excess candies are then distributed to the left and right children, and the total excess candies for the current node are calculated and returned.

The `distributeCandy` function initializes the `ans` variable to 0 and calls the `help` function on the root of the tree. The final result is the value of `ans`, representing the minimum number of moves required to distribute candies such that every node has exactly one candy.

**Time Complexity:**
The time complexity of the `help` function is O(N), where N is the number of nodes in the tree. Each node is visited once during the recursive traversal.

**Space Complexity:**
The space complexity is O(height of the tree), as the recursion stack space depends on the height of the tree.


## Code
```
class Solution
{
    public:
    int help(Node *root, int &ans){
        if(!root)
        return 0;
        int l=help(root->left,ans);
        int r=help(root->right,ans);
        ans+=abs(l)+abs(r);
        return root->key-1+l+r;
    }
    int distributeCandy(Node* root)
    {
        //code here
        int ans=0;
        help(root,ans);
        return ans;
    }
};
```

