## GeeksForGeeks Problem Of The Day Solutions

This is my attempt to make the coding experience easier for you guys so that you can easily learn what to do in today's problem of the day.

## Today's 04-04-24 

## [Sum of all substrings of a number](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/sum-of-all-substrings-of-a-number-1587115621/1)

**Intuition:**
To find the sum of all possible substrings of the given string, we can consider each digit of the string individually and calculate the contribution of that digit to the overall sum. The contribution of each digit depends on its position within the string and its value. We can use some mathematical observations to efficiently calculate this contribution for each digit.

**Approach:**
1. Initialize the answer `ans` to 0.
2. Iterate through each character `i` in the string `s`.
3. Convert the character `i` to its corresponding integer value `x`.
4. Calculate the contribution of the current digit to the overall sum. This contribution is `(x * c + 10 * prev) % mod`, where `c` represents the position of the current digit within the string (1-indexed) and `prev` represents the contribution of the previous digit.
5. Update the answer `ans` by adding the contribution of the current digit modulo `mod`.
6. Update the value of `prev` to the contribution of the current digit.
7. Increment the value of `c` for the next iteration.
8. Return the final answer `ans` modulo `mod`.

**Time Complexity:**
The time complexity of this approach is O(|s|), where |s| is the length of the input string `s`. This is because we iterate through each character of the string once.

**Space Complexity:**
The space complexity of this approach is O(1) because we are using only a constant amount of extra space regardless of the size of the input string. We only store a few variables to keep track of the current state of the calculation.


## Code

```
class Solution
{
    public:
    //Function to find sum of all possible substrings of the given string.
    long long sumSubstrings(string s){
        
        // your code here
        long long ans=0;
        int mod=1e9+7;
        long long prev=0;
        int c=1;
        for(auto i:s){
            int x=i-'0';
            int t=(x*c +10*prev)%mod;
            ans=(ans+t)%mod;
            prev=t;
            c++;
        }
        return ans;
    }
};        
        
```
